My name is Ashley, and I'm
a Customer Engineering Enablement Lead for
Security Operation Sales at Google.
I'm excited to be your instructor for
this course.
Let's start by quickly reviewing
what we've covered so far.
Earlier, we defined security and
explored some common job responsibilities
for entry-level analysts.
We also discussed core skills and
knowledge that analysts need to develop.
Then, we shared some key events like
the LoveLetter and Morris attacks
that led to the development and
ongoing evolution of the security field.
We also introduced you to frameworks,
controls, and
the CIA triad, which are all
used to reduce risk.
In this course, we'll discuss the focus
of Certified Information Systems Security Professional's,
or CISSP's,
eight security domains.
We'll also cover security frameworks and
controls in more detail,
with a focus on NIST's Risk
Management Framework.
Additionally, we'll explore
security audits, including common
elements of internal audits.
Then, we'll introduce some
basic security tools, and
you'll have a chance to explore how to
use security tools to protect assets and data
from threats, risks,
and vulnerabilities.
Securing an organization and
its assets from threats, risks, and
vulnerabilities is an important step
in maintaining business operations.
In my experience as a security analyst,
I helped respond to
a severe breach that cost
the organization nearly $250,000.
So, I hope you're feeling motivated
to continue your security journey.
I know I'm excited.
Let's get started!